README.rst, before:

Nexus
-----

Nexus is a pluggable admin application in Django. It's designed to give you a simple design and architecture for building admin applications.

(This project is still under active development)

Screenshot
==========

.. image:: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/116385/nexus.png

Install
=======

Install it with pip (or easy_install)::

	pip install nexus
	
Config
======

You'll need to enable it much like you would ``django.contrib.admin``.

First, add it to your ``INSTALLED_APPS`` setting::

	INSTALLED_APPS = (
	    ...
	    'nexus',
	)

Now you'll want to include it within your ``urls.py``::

	import nexus
	
	# sets up the default nexus site by detecting all nexus_modules.py files
	nexus.autodiscover()
	
	# urls.py
	urlpatterns = patterns('',
	    ('^nexus/', include(nexus.site.urls)),
	)

By default Nexus requires django.contrib.auth and django.contrib.sessions. If you are using a custom auth system you can skip these requirements by using the setting ``NEXUS_SKIP_INSTALLED_APPS_REQUIREMENTS = True`` in your django settings.

Modules
=======

Nexus by default includes a module that will automatically pick up ``django.contrib.admin``.

Other applications which provide Nexus modules:

* `Gargoyle <https://github.com/disqus/gargoyle>`_
* `Memcache <https://github.com/dcramer/nexus-memcache>`_
* `Redis <https://github.com/dcramer/nexus-redis>`_
* `django-debug-logging <https://github.com/lincolnloop/django-debug-logging>`_
* `Django-Experiments <https://github.com/mixcloud/django-experiments>`_

(docs on writing modules coming soon)

Commit message:

Update README, removing 'active development' notices and making code examples syntax-highlighted

README.rst, after:

Nexus
-----

Nexus is a pluggable admin application in Django. It's designed to give you a simple design and architecture for building admin applications.

Screenshot
==========

.. image:: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/116385/nexus.png

Install
=======

Install it with pip (or easy_install):

.. code-block:: bash

	pip install nexus

Config
======

You'll need to enable it much like you would ``django.contrib.admin``.

First, add it to your ``INSTALLED_APPS`` setting:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'nexus',
    )

Now you'll want to include it within your ``urls.py``:

.. code-block:: python

	import nexus

	# sets up the default nexus site by detecting all nexus_modules.py files
	nexus.autodiscover()

	# urls.py
	urlpatterns = patterns('',
	    ('^nexus/', include(nexus.site.urls)),
	)

By default Nexus requires ``django.contrib.auth`` and ``django.contrib.sessions``. If you are using a custom auth system you can skip these requirements by using the setting ``NEXUS_SKIP_INSTALLED_APPS_REQUIREMENTS = True`` in your django settings.

Modules
=======

Nexus by default includes a module that will automatically pick up ``django.contrib.admin``.

Other applications which provide Nexus modules:

* `Gargoyle <https://github.com/disqus/gargoyle>`_
* `Memcache <https://github.com/dcramer/nexus-memcache>`_
* `Redis <https://github.com/dcramer/nexus-redis>`_
* `django-debug-logging <https://github.com/lincolnloop/django-debug-logging>`_
* `Django-Experiments <https://github.com/mixcloud/django-experiments>`_

If you want to write a module, look at the ``example_module`` folder for a hello world implementation. Also the source code shouldn't be too hard to understand.
